Fixed #32031 -- Added model class for each model to AdminSite.each_context(). (#13447)
django/django: docs/ref/contrib/admin/index.txt

      Each model is a dict with the following keys:

>       * ``model``: the current model class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * ``model``: the model class
```

      * ``model_admin``: the current model admin class
      * ``object_name``: class name of the model
      * ``name``: plural name of the model
      * ``perms``: a ``dict`` tracking ``add``, ``change``, ``delete``, and
        ``view`` permissions
      * ``admin_url``: admin changelist URL for the model
      * ``add_url``: admin URL to add a new model instance

>     .. versionchanged:: 3.2
> 
>         Added ``model`` and ``model_admin`` to models list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. versionchanged:: 4.0

        The ``model`` and ``model_admin`` variables for each model were added.
```
